Fix: Make some GSoC 2024-related changes (#7159)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2024/project-ideas/enhancing-an-existing-llm-model-with-domain-specific-jenkins-knowledge.adoc

=== Background

> This full-stack project focuses on a proof-of-concept (PoC) idea to fine-tune an existing open-source LLM model (such as Llama 2) with domain-specific Jenkins data to be compiled, wrangled, and processed by the contributor as a part of an AI-driven application, with the goal to develop a minimalistic UI for the user to interact with the LLM as a complete end-to-end product.
> This product is to be installed and run locally on the user's laptop, with tools such as link:https://ollama.com/[Ollama] for setting up and running LLM's locally, and link:https://www.langchain.com/[LangChain] to be used as a framework to construct the LLM-powered app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This full-stack project focuses on a proof-of-concept (PoC) idea to fine-tune an existing open-source LLM model (such as Llama 2) with domain-specific Jenkins data to be compiled, wrangled, and processed by the contributor as a part of an AI-driven application, to develop a minimalistic UI for the user to interact with the LLM as a complete end-to-end product.
This product is to be installed and run locally on the user's laptop, with tools such as link:https://ollama.com/[Ollama] for setting up and running LLMs locally, and link:https://www.langchain.com/[LangChain] to be used as a framework to construct the LLM-powered app.
```

The contributor will get to be involved in every step of the application development process, from data collection, wrangling, and processing to fine-tuning the model and developing the UI.

> They may also get exposed to how to package a software to be distributed as a standalone application to be consumed by the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They may also get exposed to how to package software to be distributed as a standalone application to be consumed by the end user.
```
